Fixes #3641 Final Serving Sanity Check (#3747)
knative/docs: docs/serving/autoscaling/scale-to-zero.md

# Configuring scale to zero

!!! warning

>     Scale to zero can only be enabled if you are using the Knative Pod Autoscaler (KPA), and can only be configured globally. For more information about using KPA or global configuration, see the documentation on [Autoscaling concepts](./autoscaling-concepts.md).

Reviewer: Idk if we want to use KnativePodAutoscaler here as per HoriztonalPodAutoscaler in the k8s style guide https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#documentation-formatting-standards

cc @knative/serving-reviewers

Author: I am down with this

## Enable scale to zero

The scale to zero value controls whether Knative allows replicas to scale down to zero (if set to `true`), or stop at 1 replica if set to `false`.

!!! note

>     For more information about scale bounds configuration per revision, see the documentation on [Configuring scale bounds](./scale-bounds.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information about scale bounds configuration per Revision, see the documentation on [Configuring scale bounds](./scale-bounds.md).
```

This setting specifies an upper bound time limit that the system will wait internally for scale-from-zero machinery to be in place before the last replica is removed.

!!! warning

>     This is a value that controls how long internal network programming is allowed to take, and should only be adjusted if you have experienced issues with requests being dropped while a revision was scaling to zero replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is a value that controls how long internal network programming is allowed to take, and should only be adjusted if you experience issues with requests being dropped while a Revision is scaling to zero Replicas.
```
